---
title: "2021-11-30"
summary: "Named export, HTTP3/, QUIC, SIMD, Coding interview"
date: "2021-11-30"
author: "admin"
tag: ["daily report", "named export", "HTTP/3", "QUIC", "SIMD", "coding interview"]
category: ["daily report"]

reading_time: false  # Show estimated reading time?
share: true  # Show social sharing links?
profile: true # Show author profile?
comments: false  # Show comments?
feature: false
lastmod: false
publishDate: false
---

# Daily Report

## Task Summary

- Working on a webapp for an online sound image localization experiment that will be used to collect experimental results for a paper due on December 20.
- Routine task
  - [x] Learning English
  - [x] Coding Tests

## Done

- Nothing have been done related to my study


## Note

- [named exportは有害だと考えられます](https://zenn.dev/yuhr/articles/668dba202726bf)
  - Split namespace and combine a group of related functions into a single file (=module).
  - Don't mix unrelated functions into the file.
  - The problem is that we feel that we can use named exports without hesitation and in abundance.
- [HTTP/3とQUICはなぜ必要になり、どのように標準化されてきたのか？ 現代のプロトコル設計とインターネットの課題](https://eh-career.com/engineerhub/entry/2021/11/29/130000/)
  - QUIC
    - Transport protocol
    - Runs on UDP but it provides the same message reliability to the application as TCP.
    - QUIC has a few more improvement than TCP
      - Connection won't be closed even if ip address or port number has chenged.
    - Within a connection, there is the concept of a stream, which is a virtual communication unit.
      - while it handles multiple application mesages in pararell, it can process efficiently packet losses.
    - Encypted
      - QUIC encryptes the content by version specific key
  - HTTP/3
    - Application procol
    - It works on QUIC
    - Request method, status code, header does not changed.
    - Send them in binary format
    - Browsers, load balancers, middlewares are adopt to HTTP/3
    - Most of exisiting applications works on HTTP/3
    - If there is a user-specific value that can be used as an identifier, an observer on the communication path can use that value to observe the physical movement of the user
    - QUIC has a mechanism to update the identifier, called the connection ID, on the cryptographic path.
- [SIMDプログラミング入門（AVX-512から始める編）](https://qiita.com/saka1_p/items/72c7755086ec985cade6)
  - AVX-512 is an instruction set developed by Intel
  - There is an emulator for AVX-512
- [How To Ace The Google Coding Interview - Complete Guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QxUp8MwbWw)
  - Note
    - Use both of google docs and whiteboard.
    - Vocalize what I am thinking about to make communication
    - Define variable with suitable name.

## Interruption at work

## Coding Test

### Whiteboard

- Okay, first let me as some questions.
  - is it possible that arguments are empty list
  - well, how about nullptr?
  - What is the maximum length of the lists? Is it fixed?
  - okay, are there any contains in the element of list
  - is the range of value is fixed?
    - -100 <= Node.val <= 100
  - is lists are sorted?
    - no
  - if list1 is [1, 2, 4] and list2 is [1, 3, 4]
    - The result will be [1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 4]
    - is it collect?
    - Does the relationship between elements 1 and 2 in list 1 need to hold in the result list?
  - i'd like to ask one more case. 
    - is it possible that both list has common node.
    - maybe
  - Okay, so the things we have to do are join the 2 lists and return it sorted in ascending order 
- Let me think about some cases.
  - if list1 is [] and list2 is also []
    - the result will be []
    - because there are no elements
  - if list1 is [] and list2 just has element only 0, [0]
    - the result will be [0]
  - this case is not collect
    - if list1 is [30, -100, 0, 1] and list2 is [ 1, 2, 100, -5]
      - the result will be [-100, -5, 0, 1, 1, 2, 100]
  - if list1 is [] and list2 just has element only 0, [0]
  - if the lists are null then return [] 
    - is that okay
- Now let's talk about the solution 
  - first we need to find the head node. because it will be the return value
    - to do this, i am going to check the value of head node to compare witch is smaller. 
    - and also before that, i am going to check the lists are null or empty.
      - because it causes error
  - define a vector which will hold the nodes of two ListNode
  - put the node to the vector by iterating lists
  - sort() by ListNode.val
  - iterate through the vector twice 
    - at first. Examine the pointers of the second and subsequent Nodes.
    - second. set the pointers to nodes
  - the time complexity is
    - 1 + N + M + (N+M)log(N+M) + (N+M) + (N+M) +1
    - (N+M)log(N+M)
    - The computational complexity will be the same even when the list length is extremely different.

  - 100 minutes

### Review

- What did you solve?
  - https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/
- Could you solve it?
  - No
- Solution
  - Put a dummy with MIN_INT at the beginning 
  - Prepare a variable witch specifies a tail (where to add the next node)
  - Run a while loop with following evaluation expression
    - while (l1 && l2)
  - Compare l1.val and l2.val and add smaller one to tail.next
  - The loop will end if l1 or l2 is terminated
  - Connect the rest of the list to tail to get the answer.
  - It is available only if the lists passed as arguments are already sorted.
- Did you find it comfortable to solve?
  - No
- What do you think caused it? Language? Algorithms?
  - Both of them
  - Language
    - I wasn't sure if I was handling the pointers correctly.
  - Algorithm
    - I couldn't come up with the expression to loop And way to extend the rest of list
- What do you think can be improved to pass the coding test?
  - Become familiar with the language specification. Especially C++.
  - can come up with a template for a solution?
- What do you think could be improved to make your coding test practice more efficient?
  - To solve much more problems
    - only diagrams and simple notes should be written on the whiteboard
    - Learn to say English sentences without thinking about them.
    - Reduce the time spent in the process of thinking about solutions and pseudocode.
    - If i don't understand after 5 minutes of thinking, look at the answer.
  - Solve as many problems as possible in an hour.
  
## What to do tomorrow

- Get up at 6:00
- Read 「アルゴリズムとデータ構造」 of chapter 1-3
- Then, solve leetcode problems
- Do the work
- Do my study


## KPT

### Keep

- Read the articles **carefully** emerged on my timeline
  - :+1: that I took notes

### Problem and Try

- The time viewing twitter is logger than yesterday.
  - Check it only twice a day.

## Free Space

- I found it pretty comfortable to listen to the English video.
  - But there were some misunderstanding when I was not reading the captions


