---
title: "2021-01-01"
date: "2021-01-01"
author: "admin"
tag: ["daily report"]
category: ["daily report"]

reading_time: false  # Show estimated reading time?
share: true  # Show social sharing links?
profile: true # Show author profile?
comments: false  # Show comments?
feature: false
lastmod: false
publishDate: false
---

# Daily Report

## Task Summary

- Working on a webapp for an online sound image localization experiment that will be used to collect experimental results for a paper due on December 20.
- Learning English

## Done

- Research WebApp
  - Read articles and documents
    - [Falling Into The Pit of Success](https://blog.codinghorror.com/falling-into-the-pit-of-success/)
      - A well-designed system makes it easy to do the right things and annoying (but not impossible) to do the wrong things.
  - Add minimal setting of chakra-ui for the webapp
  - Add some eslint setting to prevent annoying me
  - Add a couple of components of top page
    - Header
    - Hero
    - What is this
- Leaning English
  - Created an Anki deck of [engineer-vocabulary-list](https://github.com/mercari/engineer-vocabulary-list) published by Mercari.
    - The goal is to become familiar with the vocabularies that engineers use in their daily work.
    - I used Amazon polly which is a text-to-speech provided by AWS to generate voices of the list for
      momentary english composition.
      - ref: [めちゃくちゃ簡単　Amazon Polly](https://qiita.com/naka46/items/d43372e433dda2ea6f16)

## Note

- Next.js
  - Whenever `Link` components appear in the browser's viewport, Next.js automatically prefetches the code for the linked page in the background.
- [robots.txt](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/advanced/robots/intro)
  - A robots.txt files tells the search engine crawlers which URLs the crawler can access on your site.
  - It can not be used for hiding my web page from Google search result.
    - To archive this, we must use alternative method such as noindex or password protection.
  - robots.txt directives may not be supported by all search engines.
  

## Interruption at work

- Request for confirmation of newspaper article on satellite launch and additional interviews.

## What to do tomorrow

- Research WebApp
  - Create rest of components of top page
- Learning English 
  - Do Anki

## KPT

### Keep

- Got up early and well concentrated.
  - Want to get used to do this lifestyle.

### Problem

- Forgot to make response for newspaper interview

### Try

- Work on inserting tasks as quickly as possible.

