---
title: "2021-12-27"
summary: "Cache-Control"
date: "2021-12-27"
author: "admin"
tag: ["daily report"]
category: ["daily report"]

reading_time: false # Show estimated reading time?
share: true # Show social sharing links?
profile: true # Show author profile?
comments: false # Show comments?
feature: false
lastmod: false
publishDate: false
---

# Daily Report

## Task Summary

- Writing graduation thesis.
- Routine task
  - [ ] Learning English

## Done

- [ ] Write a section about selection for concrete adaptive method.
- [x] Maximum-likelihood sequential procedure
  - [x] Write the summary.
  - [x] Write the pros and conns.
  - [x] Add a track of trials
  - [x] Visualize the problem of stimulus intensity being out of range.
- [x] QUEST+ method
  - [x] Write the summary
  - [x] Write the pros and conns.
  - [x] Add a track of trials
  - [x] Visualize the entropy.
  - [x] Visualize the psychometric function.
- [x] Condition
  - [x] Stimulation domain for QUEST+
  - [x] Parameter domain for QUEST+
  - [x] Outcome domain for QUEST+
  - [x] Visualize psychometric function
- [x] How to generate the test signal
- [ ] Analyze and summarize the data.
  - [ ] Subject selection
    - [ ] FBCR
    - [ ] distributions
  - [ ] Adaptive Method
    - [ ] About number of trials and entropy
    - [ ] Credible interval and confidence interval
    - [ ] Efficiency
  - [ ] Constant method
    - [ ] Deviance
    - [ ] Adaptation
    - [ ] Confidence interval
    - [ ] Left-right difference
  - [ ] Write about description of main experiment.


## Note

- Web配信の技術
  - In HTTP/2
    - Request/Response header is lowercase
  - Header
    - Cache-Control
      - no-cache
        - First, the client ask the origin if the cache is valid and they must not use it unless it is valid.
        - This is an option to force the client to cache and revalidate every time.
      - no-store
        - The client must not cache any part of the request/response.
      - must-revalidate/proxy-revalidate
        - This is an option to force the client to revalidate when the cache expires.
        - max-age and no-cache cannot coexist, but max-age and must-revalidate/proxy-revalidate can.
      - s-maxage
        - This is a cache option for CND/proxies on route.
        - the s-maxage value should be lower than max-age 
        - because it can prevent stale condition from from content bucket relay.
    - Expires
      - it absolutely designate the date for cache expiration
      - only GMT is allowed in this header.
      - max-age is used preferentially.
    - Preferred cache control setting to prevent caching
      - `Cache-Control: private, no-store, no-cache, must-revalidate`
  - 304 Not Modified
    - CDN revalidate the cache when the TTL is expired
    - If there is no change, the origin returns 304
    - Thus do not forget to set the headers




## Coding Test

## What to do tomorrow

## KPT

### Keep

### Problem and Try

## Free Space

