---
title: "2021-12-25"
summary: "Maximum likelihood"
date: "2021-12-25"
author: "admin"
tag: ["daily report"]
category: ["daily report"]

reading_time: false # Show estimated reading time?
share: true # Show social sharing links?
profile: true # Show author profile?
comments: false # Show comments?
feature: false
lastmod: false
publishDate: false
---

# Daily Report

## Task Summary

- Writing graduation thesis.
- Routine task
  - [ ] Learning English

## Done

- Read
  - https://en9.hatenablog.com/entry/2019/12/22/134613
  - Map of algorithms
  - Methodology
- [ ] Analyze and summarize the data.
  - [ ] Subject selection
    - [ ] FBCR
    - [ ] distributions
  - [ ] Adaptive Method
    - [ ] About number of trials and entropy
    - [ ] Credible interval and confidence interval
    - [ ] Efficiency
  - [ ] Constant method
    - [ ] Deviance
    - [ ] Adaptation
    - [ ] Confidence interval
    - [ ] Left-right difference
  - [ ] Write about description of main experiment.
- [ ] Write a section about selection for concrete adaptive method.
  - [ ] Maximum-likelihood sequential procedure
    - [ ] Write the summary.
    - [ ] Write the pros and conns.
    - [ ] Add a track of trials
    - [ ] Visualize the problem of stimulus intensity being out of range.
    - [ ] Visualize the psychometric function.
    - [ ] Visualize that when two variables are used, the slope of the evaluation function does not head in the direction of convergence..
  - [ ] QUEST+ method
    - [x] Write the summary
    - [ ] Write the pros and conns.
    - [ ] Add a track of trials
    - [ ] Visualize the entropy.
    - [ ] Visualize the psychometric function.


## Note


## Coding Test

- https://leetcode.com/problems/coin-change/
- Did you solve it ?
  - No
- Solution
  - DP
  - Hold the minimum number of coins by remaining amount.
  - Choose the coin from coins and find the answer incrementally
  - Time complexity is O(S∗n). where S is the amount, n is denomination count.
  - Space complexity is O(S) for dp list.


## What to do tomorrow

## KPT

### Keep

### Problem and Try

## Free Space

