---
title: "2021-12-01"
summary: ""
date: "2021-12-01"
author: "admin"
tag: ["daily report"]
category: ["daily report"]

reading_time: false  # Show estimated reading time?
share: true  # Show social sharing links?
profile: true # Show author profile?
comments: false  # Show comments?
feature: false
lastmod: false
publishDate: false
---

# Daily Report

## Task Summary

- Working on a webapp for an online sound image localization experiment that will be used to collect experimental results for a paper due on December 20.
- Routine task
  - [x] Learning English
  - [x] Coding Tests

## Done

- Tried to solve a couple of problems focused on bit manipulation algorithm
- Read
  - [WHY DISCORD IS SWITCHING FROM GO TO RUST](https://discord.com/blog/why-discord-is-switching-from-go-to-rust)
  - [NoSQLデータベースCassandraの紹介 〜 ヤフーのデータ基盤を支える技術](https://techblog.yahoo.co.jp/entry/20200129803067/)
  

## Note

- C++
    - Print a variable's type in standard C++
      - typeid(a).name() 
    - Need to define a function if I want to pass the variable as reference to a function.
      - The result of following example won't be string
        - cout << typeid("111").name() << endl;
        - A4_c
        - means char[4] or const char[4].

## Interruption at work

- nothing

## Coding Test


### Whiteboard

//   1 2 3
// 1   1
// 2 1
// 3   0

//   1 2 3
// 1   1 0
// 2 0   1
// 3 1 0

//   1 2
// 1   0
// 2 0


// j = between 0 and 2^N
// k = between 1 and N
// k is honest and j as bits 11101 k-1 th digit is same value 
    
### Review

- What did you solve?
  - https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc147/tasks/abc147_c
- Could you solve it?
  - No
- Solution
  - Assume ith is right, and the testimony is given to xth, and xth is also right, and there is a discrepancy, it is false.
- Did you find it comfortable to solve?
  - No
- What do you think caused it? Language? Algorithms?
  - Algorithm
    - I have checked the solution and description but I couldn't understand it concretely.
- What do you think could be improved to make your coding test practice more efficient?
  - I need someone to ask about the problem
  - Someone I can rely on.


## What to do tomorrow

- Part time job
- Research
  - Create graphs, tables
  - Analyze data

## KPT

### Keep

- Regained motivation by watching Youtube about coding test.
  - It helps to remember me the practical English phrases.
- Got interested in system design test on big tech companies.
  - It is very practical and useful.

### Problem and Try

- Got depressed because I could not solve the problems
  - which level is green on atcoder
  - Read the books and find the pttern

## Free Space

- I need to focus on my research ...

