---
title: "2021-11-24"
date: "2021-11-24"
author: "admin"
tag: ["daily report"]
category: ["daily report"]

reading_time: false  # Show estimated reading time?
share: true  # Show social sharing links?
profile: true # Show author profile?
comments: false  # Show comments?
feature: false 
lastmod: true
publishDate: true
---

# Daily Report

## Task Summary

- Working on a webapp for an online sound image localization experiment that will be used to collect experimental results for a paper due on December 20.
- Learning English

## Done

- Read
  - [Web Performance & Core Web Vitals](https://nextjs.org/learn/seo/web-performance)
  - [Improving your Core Web Vitals](https://nextjs.org/learn/seo/improve)
- Install Anki to start leaning Duo3.0 with instant english composition.
- Install [AnkiConnect](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/2055492159) to easily add words to the list

## Note

- Core Web Vitals
  - Subset of Web Vitals
  - It consists of three metrics that measure loading, interactivity, visual stability.
    - loading
      - Largest Content Full Paint (LCP)
    - interactivity
      - First Input Delay (FID)
    - visual stability
      - Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS)
  - The Google ranking impact will be the same for all pages in the good range for all Core Web Vitals, regardless of their individual Core Web Vitals scores.
- The expiration is defiend by either the minimumCacheTTL configuration or the upstream server's Cache-Control header, which everis larger.


## Interruption at work

- nothing

## What to do tomorrow

- Read Nextjs Documentation and understand the core concept.
  - Especially how to create and split the components
- Think about how to make flashcard to remember the meaning of english words, sentences, passages.

## KPT

### Keep

- I was in no hurry to read the document.
  - I feel like I have a better memory retention rate. 
- I could concentrate.
  - I think it was because I woke up early.

### Problem

- Spent too much time creating a template for the daily report.
  - It caused skipping breakfast.

### Try

- Set a time to finish the work.
