---
title: "2021-11-27"
summary: "jsconf 2021"
date: "2021-11-27"
author: "admin"
tag: ["daily report"]
category: ["daily report"]

reading_time: false  # Show estimated reading time?
share: true  # Show social sharing links?
profile: true # Show author profile?
comments: false  # Show comments?
feature: false
lastmod: false
publishDate: false
---

# Daily Report

## Task Summary

- Working on a webapp for an online sound image localization experiment that will be used to collect experimental results for a paper due on December 20.
- Routine task
  - Learning English
  - Coding Tests

## Done

## Note

- Coding test
  - How to make progress
    - Easy
      - We should pick 5-6 questions from each topic and try to master basics of the topic to have a breadth.
      - If I feel confident to solve easy problem, then go on to mediums. That will be asked mostly in interviews.
    - Medium
      - We should pick like 10 problems from each topic
      - Learn the advanced data structure
  - How to solve problems
    1. Clarify the problem to completely understand it
       - Clarify
       - Ask if I needed
       - Repeat to read or listen
       - Write it down.
    2. Thought out loud constantly
       - (to show the thinking process in the actual interview)
       - (to demonstrate my knowledge)
    3. Think through what I do
       - Better, faster, quicker, more efficiently.
       - Ultimately I feel like I am on the spot where I can code it.
    4. Coding
       - (take a note what I don't know)
    5. Test it in real time.
       - Ask some example cases
       - Think about edge cases
- C++
  - When deviding the integer value by integer, the result will be decimal point truncated value.
  - It is best to do the division as far back as possible to get the correct result.
  - If the String variable has not initialized, C++ compiler automatically assign empty string (""). 
  - Boolean on C++
    - 0 is false
    - 1 is true
  - String
    - .size()
    - .at(i)
      - Run time error happens when i is not in valid range
      - Need to compare to char
    - Multi byte character
    - Need 's' to access member function from string ("string") directly.
      - "mojiretsu"s.size()
    - Order
      - '0'-'9'→'A'-'Z'→'a'-'z'
    - getline()
      - input string by line
    - cin >> v;
      - input string by line or space
  - Vector
    - vector<int> vec(N); 
    - vector allocates the memory a little more than actual number of elements. This is a specs for satisfy the performance issue when the container needs to be expanded.
    - vector has member variables not only for managing the size but also allocated memory capacity.
    - When reallocation of a region occurs, it is very costly because all the elements are copied to the new region.
      - Therefore, if it is known that the number of elements increase beforehand, we should increase the capacity by member function `reserve()` in advance.
      - The reallocation occurs with a frequency of the logarithm of the number of elements.
    - automatically initialized
      - It can set initial values like following code
        ```
        vector<int> vec(3, 5);
        ```
    - .at(i)
      - O(1)
      - ```c++
        vector<int> vec(N);
        for (int i = 0; i < N; i++) {
          cin >> vec.at(i);
        }vector<int> vec(N);
        ```
    - ```c++
      vector<int> vec;
      vec = {1, 5, 6};
      ```
    - 2 dimensional vector
    - Remove the last element
      - vec.pop_back()
    - Function
      - Rhe values passed as arguments are basically copied.
        

## Interruption at work

## Coding Test

### Whiteboard

- The constraints are only three, Is that right? 
  - The first one is the length of string will not be under 1 and over 15. 
- The Second one is that s contains only the characters written above. 
- Okay, and The third one is that s is valid roman numeral in the range [1, 3999] and it's guaranteed.
- Okay, now, let me think about some cases.
  - there are 6 spacial cases that it needs to combine 2 different characters.
    - [IV] -> 4
    - [IX] -> 9
    - [XL] -> 40
    - [XC] -> 90
    - [CD] -> 400
    - [CM] -> 900
  - except for that, we have basic patterns which needs to simply combine same characters as below
    - [III] -> 3
    - [XXX] -> 30
    - [CCC] -> 300
    - [MMM] -> 3000
  - oh, i found an additional pattern that I recognized
    - [VIII] -> 8
    - [LXXX] -> 80
    - [DCCC] -> 800
  - okay. can i ask you that this is not a valid roman numeral and should not be passed?
      - [IIVXMD]
  - If the output we expected is 48, the input value should be "XLVIII" is it right?
  - okay, i found that the max number of roman numeral in 1 digit is 4, is that right?
  - And, if i got I or V in the on the right side of X or L or C, it specifies an end of a digit.
    - except for IX, XC, CM
  - Let me think about if [CMXCIX] if passed the output value should be 999
  - ...


### KPT

- What did you solve?
  - https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/
- Could you solve it?
  - No
- Solution
  - How to associate roman char to decimal number
    - The hottest answer uses unorderd_map
  - How to calculate the answer
    - First define a sum variable initialized with number of end of the input string.
    - And iterate the number from before the last element to fist one.
    - If T[i] < T[i+1] then sbutract T[i+1].  
      - This is the implementation for IV, IX, XL and so on...
    - If "...IV" is passed, we need to judge IV as 4. This is a little difficult because we need to recognize I and V is a set value.
    - In this algorithm, it recognizes V as 5 and I as 1, but V is larger than I, it subtracts 1 from 5, finally + 5 - 1 would be added.
    - It can apply to [IV, IX, XL, XC, CD, CM] and does not make affect to other basic cases.
    - Finally, it returns sum.
- Did you find it comfortable to solve?
  - No
- What do you think caused it? Language? Algorithms?
  - Both of them.
  - Sinse I learned C++ today and not used to write. I needed to check the syntax.
  - In terms of algorithm, I was trying to implement an algorithm that would find the semantic delimiters of strings and add the corresponding numbers.
  - The issue is that I could not come with make 4,9 and something like this numbers could be made by adding negative number.
- How did you read the problem text? Quickly? Carefully?
  - Carefully, but only once.
- Which is better do you think?
  - Think about it after comparing the results of today and tomorrow.

## What to do tomorrow
 
## KPT

### Keep

### Problem

### Try
