---
title: "2021-12-23"
summary: "Research, welcome party"
date: "2021-12-23"
author: "admin"
tag: ["daily report"]
category: ["daily report"]

reading_time: false # Show estimated reading time?
share: true # Show social sharing links?
profile: true # Show author profile?
comments: false # Show comments?
feature: false
lastmod: false
publishDate: false
---

# Daily Report

## Task Summary

- Writing graduation thesis.
- Routine task
  - [ ] Learning English

## Done

- [x] Welcome party for a new colleague.
- [ ] Analyze and summarize the data.
  - [ ] Subject selection
    - [ ] FBCR
    - [ ] distributions
  - [ ] Adaptive Method
    - [ ] About number of trials and entropy
    - [ ] Credible interval and confidence interval
    - [ ] Efficiency
  - [ ] Constant method
    - [ ] Deviance
    - [ ] Adaptation
    - [ ] Confidence interval
    - [ ] Left-right difference
  - [ ] Write about description of main experiment.
- [x] Create tex environment
  - [x] Put it into Git management.
  - [x] Created heading for chapters and sections.
  - [ ] Wrote a section about selection for concrete adaptive method.
    - [x] PEST method
      - [x] Add a track of trials
      - [x] Visualize the problem of stimulus intensity being out of range.
    - [ ] Maximum-likelihood sequential procedure
      - [ ] Write the summary.
      - [ ] Write the pros and conns.
      - [ ] Add a track of trials
      - [ ] Visualize the problem of stimulus intensity being out of range.
      - [ ] Visualize the psychometric function.
      - [ ] Visualize that when two variables are used, the slope of the evaluation function does not head in the direction of convergence..
    - [ ] QUEST+ method
      - [ ] Write the summary
      - [ ] Write the pros and conns.
      - [ ] Add a track of trials
      - [ ] Visualize the entropy.
      - [ ] Visualize the psychometric function.


## Note


## Coding Test

- Skip

## What to do tomorrow

## KPT

### Keep

### Problem and Try

## Free Space

We've done welcome party for a new colleague. But mostly we just drank and chatted.
I think that was a good way to know each other because it enables us to take less formal communication and allows us to see the natural side of the person. 