---
title: "2021-12-05"
summary: "Recursion"
date: "2021-12-05"
author: "admin"
tag: ["daily report"]
category: ["daily report"]

reading_time: false  # Show estimated reading time?
share: true  # Show social sharing links?
profile: true # Show author profile?
comments: false  # Show comments?
feature: false
lastmod: false
publishDate: false
---

# Daily Report

## Task Summary

- Organizing and analyzing the results of experiments to be written for the paper.
- Routine task
  - [x] Learning English

## Done

- Read chapter 4 (recursion) of "Algorithm and Data structure".
- Subscribe the coding test service.
- Learn about the recursion.

## Note

- shift and add number to decimal
  - `current_num * 10 + num`
- Recursion
  - think about
    - base case
    - recurrence relation.
  - time complexity
    - product of the number of recursion invocations R and the time complexity of calculation O(s)
    - O(N) = R * O(s)
  - space complexity
    - there are two parts of space consumption
      - recursion related, non-recursion related.
    - at least N where N is number of recursion.
      - because calling function uses stack on memory to memorize
        - the address of returning value
        - the parameters that are passed to the function call
        - the local variables

## Interruption at work

- nothing

## Coding Test

### fibonacci with memo

#### whiteboard

- fibonacci sequence is the series of numbers
  - 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377,
- Rule
  - n  = 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7...
  - xn = 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13...
- Spacial cases
  - if n = 0 then xn=0
  - if n = 1 then xn=1
  - else xn = x(n-1) + x(n-2)
- if n = 6
  - x6  = x4 + x5
        = x3 + x2 + x4 + x3
        = x2 + x1 + x1 + x0 + x3 + x2 + x2 + x1
        = x1 + x0 + x1 + x1 + x0 + x2 + x1 + x1 + x0 + x1 + x0 + x1
        = x1 + x0 + x1 + x1 + x0 + x1 + x0 + x1 + x1 + x0 + x1 + x0 + x1
        = x1 + x0 + x1 + x1 + x0 + x1 + x0 + x1 + x1 + x0 + x1 + x0 + x1
    
### Recursive Functions for Solving Partial Sum Problems

#### Whiteboard

- [2, 4, 6, 12, 4, 3, 1, 5]
- I'd like to find a number by choosing and adding some elements.
- Abstract and divide into a couple of smaller problems.
- Problem
  - Given N integers a0, a1, ..., aN-1 and a positive integer W.
  - Determine if you can choose any integer from a0, a1, ..., aN-1 and make the sum W.
- Recursive function which solves partial sum problem
  - choose any integer from a0, a1, ..., aN-1, and return boolean depending on it can make sum W.
    - if i == 0 then return true
    - else
      - find func(int i, int w, vector<int> &a)
      - i = N-1, N-2, ... 2, 1, 0
  
#### Review

- Could you solve it?
  - No
- Did you find it comfortable to solve?
  - No
- What do you think caused it? Language? Algorithms?
  - Algorithm. 
- What do you think can be improved to pass the coding test?
  - Come up with the algorithm in high resolution. 
  - Explain it with simple visualization.
  
### Tribonacci

#### Whiteboard

- T0, T1, T2, T3, T4, ... TN-2, TN-1
- i = 0, 1, 2, ... N-1
- if i = 0 then T0 = 0
- if i = 1 then T1 = 0
- if i = 2 then T2 = 1
- if i >= 3 then T3 = T2 + T1 + T0 = T[i-1] + T[i-2] + T[i-3] = 1

#### Review

- Could you solve it?
  - Yes
- Did you find it comfortable to solve?
  - Yes


### 753 number

#### whiteboard

- Find decimal number composed of numbers at least once for each 7, 5, 3.
- K = 100000
- 77777 -> false
- 53777 -> true
- 75300 -> false
- K < 357  -> false
- base case
  - if 

### BST



## What to do tomorrow

- Research
  - Check the difference between CW and CCW 
    - create a graph 
  - Check the result of pre-experiment and compare it to 0, 45, 90
  - Look for the data obtained by constant method.

## KPT

### Keep

- Concentrate to the one topic per a chunk (a day, couple of hours and so on)
  - I felt this way is much efficient than doing extensive content 

### Problem and Try

- Too concentrated and put off writing the daily report and routine work.
  - Daily report is the most important work because it brings me sense of accomplishment and visualized progress, keeps my motivation, memorize the retain knowledge through notes.
  - **Do it as a top priority**

## Free Space

