title: "2021-11-29"
summary: "SQL Antipatterns, chapter 3-4"
date: "2021-11-29"
author: "admin"
tag: ["daily report"]
category: ["daily report"]

reading_time: false  # Show estimated reading time?
share: true  # Show social sharing links?
profile: true # Show author profile?
comments: false  # Show comments?
feature: false
lastmod: false
publishDate: false
---

# Daily Report

## Task Summary

- Working on a webapp for an online sound image localization experiment that will be used to collect experimental results for a paper due on December 20.
- Routine task
  - [x] Learning English
  - [x] Coding Tests

## Done

- Learned C++
- Getting started Leetcode
  - I thought about what I should pay attention to in solving the problem.
- Investigated how to pass multiple sounds between server and client.
  - Currently, it is the best way to use multipart/form-data in the HTTP response.
- SQL Antippatern
  - Chapter 3, 4

## Note

- Reading notes on SQL Antipatterns
  - Closure table
    - The number of rows in the closure table increases at a rate of depth+1
  - `USING`
    - `USING` statement  enables us to join the table more simply than `ON` statement if they have common column.
    - `SELECT * FROM Bugs INNER JOIN BugsProducts USING (bug_id);`
  - The sequence never allocates the same value and never rollback if rows were not committed
  - We should not use column name `id` unless it is required by ORM or frameworks.

## Interruption at work

## Coding Test

### Whiteboard

- We have to care about the pair of brackets and order of them
  - parentheses
  - brackets 
  - curly braces
- Are there any contraints in input value
  - for example, can an empty string be passed to the funtion?
    - no, the length of string must be in 1 to 1000
    - and s consists of parentheses onlly '()[]{}'
- Okay, please give me 1 minute
- Let me think about some cases
  - If `()` has passed, it returns true. Because the parentheses opened at s[0], and just after this, at s[1], it will be closed immediately.
  - And there are no opne parenthese, brackets, and curly braces. So it is true.
  - If `([{}])` has passed, it returns true. 
    - Okay I am going to make a table
    - take a look at this
    - s[0] = ( -> open
    - s[1] = [ -> open
    - s[2] = { -> open
    - s[3] = } -> close
    - s[4] = ] -> close
    - s[5] = ) -> close
  - And let me add another case that is a pattern of inavlid string.
    - The case s = `([)]`
    - s[0] = ( -> open
    - s[1] = [ -> open
    - s[2] = ) -> open
    - s[3] = ] -> close
    - at s[0], it opens parentheses, and it is okay. there is no problem
    - at s[1], it opens brackets, and it is also okay.
    - but at s[2], it closes parentheses, this is wrong, because the last opened type of braces is `(`.
    - so it returns false
- Does the explanation so far match the expected behavior?
- Okay now let’s get down to solution
- I think this type of problem can be solved by using stack 
  - It means that we can judge it is valid or not by comapring current action and the previous one.
  - this is an figure of stack of this case
  - the numbers i will write down on the left side is an index of string
  - okay now let's get started
    - s[0] = ( -> stack =['(']
    - s[1] = [ -> stack =['(', '[']
    - s[2] = { -> stack =['(', '[', '{']
    - s[3] = { -> stack =['(', '[']
    - s[4] = { -> stack =['(']
    - s[5] = { -> stack =[]
  - How I judge if this is collect is that
    - If there is no elements in the stack at At the end of the iteration. it is collect
    - Any other cases are incorrect
    - we must define the pair (), [], {}
    - we must check the last element if the character is ), ], }
- that's it
- Now let's start coding

```c++
class Solution {
public:
    bool isValid(string s) {
        std::stack<char> stack = std::stack<char>();
        for (char c : s) {
            switch (c) {
                case '(':
                case '[':
                case '{':
                    stack.push(c);
                    break;
                case ')':
                    if (stack.top() != '(') {
                        return false;
                    }
                    stack.pop();
                    break;
                case ']':
                    if (stack.top() != '[') {
                        return false;
                    }
                    stack.pop();
                    break;
                case '}':
                    if (stack.top() != '{') {
                        return false;
                    }
                    stack.pop();
                    break;
                default:
                    return false;
            }
        }
        return stack.size() == 0;
    }
};
```

- Test (omitted...)
- It did not work properly.
- 40 minutes
    
 


### Review

- What did you solve?
  - https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/
- Could you solve it?
  - No
- Solution
  - Iterate input sting 
  - If the character is in ('(', '[', '{'), push it.
  - If the character is in (')', ']', '}'), check the top of stack and if it is the collect pair, pop it.
  - If the character is in (')', ']', '}') and the top of the stack is incollect return false.
- Did you find it comfortable to solve?
  - Yes
- What do you think caused it? Language? Algorithms?
  - Lack of knowledge of C++
    - Did not know stack.top() causes SIGSEGV
- How did you read the problem text? Quickly? Carefully?
  - Carefully.
- Which is better do you think?
  - Think about it after comparing the results of today and tomorrow.

## What to do tomorrow

- Try to pass the multiple files on multipart/form-data

## KPT

### Keep

- Do coding test with a top priority in the day.
- My level of English is still low, but I'm getting better at explaining algorithms in real time.

### Problem

- It's taking too long to sort out the problem.
  - But also I have solved today's problem

### Try

- Increase the speed of understanding the problem 
  - Pseudocode to come up with algorithms.
  - Use Voice memo.

## Free Space

- I want to join the community that I can practice talking about technologies in English.
